TEP-0114: Clarify the Behavior of Custom Task Retries (#5393)
tektoncd/pipeline: docs/runs.md

#### Developer guide for custom controllers supporting `retries`

> 1. Timeout is configured as the maximum running time of a Custom Task Run,
>     meaning if a run is timeout while retires havn't been exhaused, developers
>     should fail the custom task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Timeout is configured as the maximum running time of a Custom Task Run,
    meaning if a run is timeout while retries haven't been exhausted, developers
    should fail the custom task.
```

Author: Oppps, thx! updated
